README.md, before:

# Folder Inspector (NuGet)

Folder Inspector is a command line utility that helps bulk update the headers and footers of Word and Excel files.  

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/FolderInspector.svg?colorB=green&label=NuGet&logo=nuget&style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/FolderInspector.svg?colorB=%23004880&label=NuGet%20Downloads&logo=nuget&style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/)
[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_apis/build/status/Master%20branch)](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_build/latest?definitionId=8)
[![Test status](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/8/master.svg?label=Tests&logo=Azure%20DevOps&style=flat)](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_build/latest?definitionId=/)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/clydedz/folder-inspector.svg)      

## How to use
#### Installation 
Library can either be directly downloaded from [Nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/), OR installed via the [NuGet Package Manager UI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/tools/package-manager-ui#finding-and-installing-a-package) or via the [Package Manager Console](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/tools/package-manager-console) if you're using Visual Studio.

Command to install FolderInspector NuGet via the Package Manager Console UI in Visual Studio shown below.
```PowerShell
PM> Install-Package FolderInspector 
```
  

## Release notes
Find detailed release notes [here](https://github.com/ClydeDz/folder-inspector/wiki#release-notes).

## Credits
(c) 2019 [Clyde D'Souza](https://clydedsouza.net)   
Icon credits: [Canva](https://canva.com)

Commit message:

Add usage scenario to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Folder Inspector (NuGet)

Folder Inspector is a command line utility that helps bulk update the headers and footers of Word and Excel files.  

[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/FolderInspector.svg?colorB=green&label=NuGet&logo=nuget&style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/FolderInspector.svg?colorB=%23004880&label=NuGet%20Downloads&logo=nuget&style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/)
[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_apis/build/status/Master%20branch)](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_build/latest?definitionId=8)
[![Test status](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/8/master.svg?label=Tests&logo=Azure%20DevOps&style=flat)](https://dev.azure.com/horoscope-nuget/Folder%20Inspector/_build/latest?definitionId=/)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/clydedz/folder-inspector.svg)      

## How to use
#### Installation 
Library can either be directly downloaded from [Nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FolderInspector/), OR installed via the [NuGet Package Manager UI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/tools/package-manager-ui#finding-and-installing-a-package) or via the [Package Manager Console](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/tools/package-manager-console) if you're using Visual Studio.

Command to install FolderInspector NuGet via the Package Manager Console UI in Visual Studio shown below.
```PowerShell
PM> Install-Package FolderInspector 
```

### Usage
The above installs a command line utility in the `packages` folder. The command line application can be executed via the command prompt 
to update the headers and footers of Word and/or Excel files.  

More usage details [here](https://github.com/ClydeDz/folder-inspector/wiki#usage).   


## Release notes
Find detailed release notes [here](https://github.com/ClydeDz/folder-inspector/wiki#release-notes).

## Credits
(c) 2019 [Clyde D'Souza](https://clydedsouza.net)   
Icon credits: [Canva](https://canva.com)
